13
Grass
Grass
Frenzy Plant
 slams the target with enormous tree roots!  The user must recharge during the next turn.
Giga Drain
 drained target's nutrients!  The user's HP is restored by half the damage taken by the target.
Leaf Storm
 whips up a storm of sharp leaves around the target!  Recoil from the attack harshly reduces the user's Sp.Atk.
Synthesis
's HP is restored 50%!
Water
Water
Hydro Pump
 blasts the target with a huge volume of water launched under great pressure!
Scald
 shoots boiling hot water at its target! ✓(30% burn chance)
Surf
 creates a big wave that crashes down on the target!
Water Spout
 spouts an intense stream of water at the target!
Fire
Fire
Blast Burn
 razes the target with a fiery explosion!  The user must rest on the next turn.
Flamethrower
 scorches the target with an intense blast of fire! ✓(10% burn chance)
Flare Blitz
 cloaks itself in fire and charges the target!  The user receives 1/3 of the damage taken by the target as recoil. ✓(10% burn chance)
Overheat
 releases a full-power blast of white flame towards the target!  Recoil from the attack harshly reduces the user's Sp.Atk.
Electric
Electric
Electro Ball
 hurls an electric orb at the target!
Thunder
 drops a wicked thunderbolt on the target! ✓(30% stun chance)
Thunder Punch
 punches the target with an electrified fist! ✓(10% stun chance)
Thunderbolt
 releases a strong electric blast that crashes down on the target! ✓(10% stun chance)
Bug
Bug
Bug Bite
 bites the target furiously with its mandibles!
Fury Cutter
 slashes the target with its long pincer horns!  Each successive strike is twice as powerful as the previous.
Struggle Bug
, while resisting, attacks the target!  The target's Sp. Atk fell.
X-Scissor
 slashes the target by crossing its long pincer horns as if they were a pair of scissors!
Normal
Normal
Body Slam
 drops onto the target with its full body weight! ✓(30% stun chance)
Double Team
, by moving rapidly, makes illusory copies of itself to raise its evasiveness!
Giga Impact
 charges at the target using every bit of its power!  The user must rest on the next turn.
Hyper Beam
 attacks the target with a powerful beam using all of its power!  The user must recharge during the next turn.
Poison
Poison
Belch
 lets out a damaging belch at the target!  (You can easily smell what it had to eat earlier...)
Sludge Bomb
 hurls filthy sludge at the target!   ✓(30% poison chance)
Toxic
 leaves the target badly poisoned after its attack!  Its poison damage worsens every turn.
Venoshock
 drenches the target in a special poisonous liquid! ✓(x2 damage if poisoned)
Ground
Ground
Bulldoze
 stomps down on the ground striking the target and everything around it!  The target's Speed fell.
Dig
 burrows underground!  Then, it emerges from the earth and attacks the target from its blind spot!
Earth Power
 makes the ground under the target erupt with power! ✓(10% chance sp.def lowered)
Earthquake
 sets off an earthquake that strikes everything around it, including the target!
Fairy
Fairy
Dazzling Gleam
 emits a powerful flash of fairy light that shines on everything around it, including the target!
Disarming Voice
 lets out a charming cry, that always deals emotional damage to the target!
Moonblast
 borrows the power of the moon to attack the target! ✓(30% chance sp.atk lowered)
Moonlight
's HP is restored 75%!
Fighting
Fighting
Close Combat
 fights the target up close without guarding itself!  The engage leaves the user without a guard, lowering its Defense and Sp. Def!
Cross Chop
 delivers a double chop, that causes more critical hits, with its forearms crossed! ✓(x2 crit chance)
Focus Punch
 focuses its mind before launching a powerful punch of loyalty!
Low Kick
 strikes the target with a powerful low kick that makes the target fall over! ✓('heavy' or 'light' target)
Psychic
Psychic
Future Sight
 sends a hunk of psychic energy to attacks the target in the future!  (A few moments later...)  The target is hit with a mass of psychic energy!
Psychic
 hits the target with a strong telekinetic force! ✓(10% chance sp.def lowered)
Psyshock
 materializes an odd psychic wave that inflicts physical damage on the target!
Zen Headbutt
 focuses its willpower to its head and charges the target! ✓(20% flinch chance)
Dragon
Dragon
Draco Meteor
 summons comets down from the sky onto the target!  Stress from the attack harshly reduces the user's Sp. Atk.
Dragon Claw
 quickly hooks and slashes the target with sharp, huge claws and great power!
Dragon Rush
 tackles the target while exhibiting overwhelming menace! ✓(20% flinch chance)
Outrage
 rampages about and viciously attacks the target!  (A few moments later...)  The reckless emotion of its attack leaves it confused after it has calmed down.
Ice
Ice
Avalanche
 summons a dark cloud that rains down chunks of ice on the opponent!
Blizzard
 summons a howling blizzard to blast the target! ✓(10% freeze chance)
Ice Beam
 strikes the target with an icy-cold beam of energy! ✓(10% freeze chance)
Icicle Crash
 harshly drops a rain of large icicles onto the target! ✓(30% flinch chance)